Add explanation of default row limits applied to distribution check (#268)
sodadata/docs: soda-cl/distribution.md

<details>
  <summary>Sample sizes in distribution checks</summary>
  In hypothesis testing, the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_of_a_test" target="_blank">statistical power</a> of a test refers to its ability to reject the null hypothesis when it is false. Specifically, the power of a test tells you how likely it is that the null hypothesis will be rejected if the true difference with the alternative hypothesis were of a particular size; see <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effect_size#Relationship_to_test_statistics" target="_blank">effect size</a>. A very powerful test is able to reject the null hypothesis even if the true difference is small.
  <br /><br />
  Since distribution checks issue warnings based on the p-value alone and do not take effect size into account, having too much power can make the results of the checks hard to interpret. An extremely powerful test rejects the null hypothesis for effect sizes that are negligible. Because the power of a test increases as its sample size increases, there is a sample size limit of one million in distribution checks. Soon, users will be able to define the sample size in a distribution check.
  <br /><br />

>   The default sample size limit of one million is based on simulations that used the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. The simulation generated samples from a normal distribution, an exponential distribution, a laplacian distribution, a beta distribution, and a mixture distribution (generated by randomly choosing between two normal distributions). The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test compared these samples to samples that came from the same distributions, but with different means. For example, it compared samples from a normal distribution to samples from another normal distribution with a different mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default sample size limit of 1 million rows is based on simulations that used the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. The simulation generated samples from a normal distribution, an exponential distribution, a laplacian distribution, a beta distribution, and a mixture distribution (generated by randomly choosing between two normal distributions). The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test compared these samples to samples that came from the same distributions, but with different means. For example, it compared samples from a normal distribution to samples from another normal distribution with a different mean.
```
